faq/ingame/permissions.md, before:

---
description: Learn how to give players permissions to do commands.
---

# Permissions

## PERMISSION MANAGERS

On Minehut, you have a choice of five permission managers:`Permissionsex, Luckperms, Groupmanager, Ultimateperms, zpermission.`

{% hint style="warning" %}
`You only need to install 1 out of 5 permission managers.`
{% endhint %}

## HOW TO USE EACH PERMISSION MANAGER

{% hint style="info" %}
Each permission manager has lots more commands than shown below, visit each permission manager's tutorial page.
{% endhint %}

```text
Permissionsex:
/pex [user/group] <player-name/group> add <perm node>

Group Manager:
/[manuaddp/mangaddp] <player-name/group> <perm node>

LuckPerms:
/lp user/group <player-name/group> permission set <perm node> true

Zpermissions:
/permissions [user/group] <player-name/group> set <perm node> true

UltimatePerms:
/perms [user/group] <player-name/group> add <perm node>
```

{% hint style="success" %}
Join our **[Discord](https://discord.gg/TYhH5bK)** to become an **official writer**, **site updates**, and **much more**.
{% endhint %}

Commit message:

Feature lp and pex more
I featured those 2 as I believe they are better than the rest (they are the most commonly used)

faq/ingame/permissions.md, after:

---
description: Learn how to give players permissions to do commands.
---

# Permissions

## PERMISSION MANAGERS

On Minehut, you have a choice of five permission managers: `Permissionsex, Luckperms, Groupmanager, Ultimateperms, zpermission.`

{% hint style="warning" %}
`You only need to install 1 out of 5 permission managers.`
{% endhint %}

## HOW TO USE EACH PERMISSION MANAGER

{% hint style="info" %}
Each permission manager has lots more commands than shown below, visit each permission manager's tutorial page. I reccommend choosing between lp and pex as those are the most used/stable.
{% endhint %}

```text
LuckPerms:
/lp user/group <player-name/group> permission set <perm node> 

Luckperms also has a amazing web editor, which you cen get to using /lp editor. I HIGHLY reccommend it for new players because of this feature.

Permissionsex:
/pex [user/group] <player-name/group> add <perm node>

According to some players, pex is more stable and esier to use then lp (excluding the web editor).

Group Manager:
/[manuaddp/mangaddp] <player-name/group> <perm node>

Zpermissions:
/permissions [user/group] <player-name/group> set <perm node> true

UltimatePerms:
/perms [user/group] <player-name/group> add <perm node>
```

{% hint style="success" %}
Join our **[Discord](https://discord.gg/TYhH5bK)** to become an **official writer**, **site updates**, and **much more**.
{% endhint %}
